# Sales-Prediction

# Abstract
In the retail industry, sales forecasting is critical. Fashion and electronics companies, for example, have uncertain demand, short product life cycles, and a lack of previous sales data, all of which complicate reliable forecasting. Different machine learning approaches are available to make data analysis easier. Business intelligence plays an important role when developing a strategy and also, taking data-driven decisions. When it comes for company’s future decision making system the business intelligence plays key role since it gives them the ability to analyze data across the whole business process. Machine learning is being utilized to predict future company needs. Forecasting demand is one of the most crucial components of making business decisions. For the purpose of prediction study raw sales data is collected, and future market/product demands are foreseen based on the data. This research paper is based on analysis of different algorithms with the data fetched from a variety of sources. By merging data from many modules, the weekly, monthly, and quarterly requirements of goods/materials are determined by the machine learning engine. This research is a survey on sales prediction using machine learning, it shows the previous studies on this topic and compares the algorithms, and concludes the best algorithm that can be used for sales prediction problems in the future efficiently.

# Objective
The aim of this project is to perform sales prediction on a retail store dataset by using three different machine learning models and comparing the results to select the best machine learning algorithm as the final optimal solution for the analysis.
